# Privacy Policy - pCare Interactive Patient System

This policy sets forth the privacy practices of TVR Communications™, LLC, with respect to this website www.pcare.com.This policy has been developed with the recognition that internet technologies are rapidly evolving. Accordingly,the policy is subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.What information does pCare gather about you?Email: From its public website, pCare will gather information you provide if you click on the “Contact Us” link,“Request a Demo” link and/or choose to send us an email. The information collected may include your first andlast name, job title, organization name, organization address, state, email address, phone number, number ofphysicians, area or topic of interest, as well as any messages or comments you send us. You can also elect tosubscribe to the pCare blog, which will be distributed periodically to the email address you enter.Cookies: pCare employs cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to recognize you on this website,provide access to gated content, and track site usage.This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). GoogleAnalytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use thesite. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will betransmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for thepurpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, andproviding other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this informationto third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’sbehalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use ofcookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you maynot be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of dataabout you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.IP addresses: pCare logs IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the internet, for systems administrationand troubleshooting purposes. We do not use IP address logs to track your session or your behavior on our site.Log files: Log data is only used in aggregate to analyze usage of our website.What does pCare do with the information it gathers/tracks?Uses: pCare uses the information you send by email to respond to your messages or comments, to send you theblog (if you elect to receive it), and for internal business purposes. pCare does not and will not distribute yourpersonal information to any third party other than as authorized by you or as provided below in the “Compliancewith Legal Process” section. Data collected from cookies, IP addresses, and log files are used for internal websiteadministration purposes only. This data is primarily used to optimize our website for our visitors; however, wereserve the right to use this data for marketing purposes.Data security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use ofinformation, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information wecollect online.With whom does pCare share the information it gathers/tracks?pCare shares the information it gathers with its own staff and authorized contractors solely for the internalbusiness purposes of administering and managing the website, as set forth above. We do not share yourinformation with advertisers, business partners, or other third parties.Note about third-party websites: This website contains links to other websites. pCare is not responsible for theprivacy practices or the content of other websites. Clients and visitors will need to check the policy statement ofthese other websites to understand their policies. Clients and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosingtheir private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.How do I change or update my personal information?To update any information you have submitted to pCare, simply click on the “Contact Us” link and send us an emailwith the updated information.Compliance with legal process: We may disclose your information if we are required to do so by law or if we ingood faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect thepersonal safety or property of our users or the public; or (3) defend our legal rights including, without limitation,protecting ourselves against misuse or unauthorized use of the pCare website.For any questions concerning pCare, please contact:pCare MarketingTVR Communications, LLC.1979 Marcus Avenue, Suite 226Lake Success, NY 11041718-458-2212info@pcare.com
1979 Marcus Avenue, Suite 226Lake Success, NY 11042
pCare uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!