# Service Terms - pCare Interactive Patient System

The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and pCare™. By accessing, browsing, or using thiswebsite, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to complywith all applicable laws and regulations including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do notagree to these terms, please do not use this website.
pCare may, without notice to you, at any time revise these Terms of Use and any other information contained onthis website by updating this posting. pCare may also make improvements or changes in the products, platform,services, and programs described on this site at any time without notice.
GeneralThis website contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed andfollowed. This site and all content on this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,transmitted, distributed, or used for the creation of derivative works without pCare’s prior written consent, exceptthat pCare grants you nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited permission to access and display the web pageswithin this site, solely on your computer and for your personal, noncommercial use of this website. This permissionis conditioned on your not modifying the content displayed on this site; your keeping intact all copyright,trademark, and other proprietary notices; and your acceptance of any terms, conditions, and noticesaccompanying the content or otherwise set forth on this site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any software andother materials that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own licenseterms, conditions, and notices will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.
Your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this site will result in automatic termination ofany rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloadedmaterials in your possession or control. Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, pCare doesnot grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or otherproprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror any of the content from this site on another websiteor in any other media.
Certain disclaimersInformation on this website is not promised or guaranteed to be correct, current, or complete, and this site maycontain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. pCare assumes no responsibility (and expressly disclaimsresponsibility) for updating this site to keep information current or to ensure the accuracy or completeness of anyposted information. Accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted informationbefore making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters described on this site.
pCare provides no assurances that any reported problems will be resolved by pCare, even if pCare elects to provideinformation with the goal of addressing a problem.
Confidential informationpCare does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. Please notethat any information or material sent to pCare will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending pCare anyinformation or material, you grant pCare an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload,post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freelyuse, those materials or information. You also agree that pCare is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, ortechniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize thefact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use yourname; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this sitewill be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law. Personallyidentifiable information that you submit to pCare for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handledin accordance with our privacy policies.
Please consult our Privacy Policy for information regarding pCare’s privacy policies.
Business relationshipsThis website may provide links or references to non-pCare websites and resources. pCare makes norepresentations, warranties, or other commitments whatsoever about any non-pCare websites or third-partyresources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any pCare site. A link to a non-pCare website doesnot mean that pCare endorses the content or use of such website or its owner. In addition, pCare is not a party toor responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use alink to such parties) from a pCare site. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that pCare is not responsible forthe availability of such external sites or resources, and is not responsible or liable for any content, services,products, or other materials on or available from those sites or resources.
When you access a non-pCare website, even one that may contain the pCare logo, understand that it isindependent from pCare, and that pCare does not control the content on that website. It is up to you to takeprecautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other potentially destructive programs,and to protect your information as you deem appropriate.
Disclaimer of warrantyUse of this site is at your sole risk. All materials, information, products, software, programs, and services areprovided “as is,” with no warranties or guarantees whatsoever. pCare expressly disclaims to the fullest extentpermitted by law all express, implied, statutory, and other warranties, guarantees, or representations including,without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement ofproprietary and intellectual property rights. Without limitation, pCare makes no warranty or guarantee that thiswebsite will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
You understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials, information, products, software,programs, or services, you do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for anydamages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your computer system.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of liabilityIn no event will pCare be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequentialdamages of any type whatsoever related to or arising from this website or any use of this website, or of any site orresource linked to, referenced, or accessed through this website, or for the use or downloading of, or access to,any materials, information, products, or services including, without limitation, any lost profits, businessinterruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if pCare is expressly advised of the possibility ofsuch damages. This exclusion and waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether based on contract,warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.
Additional or different terms, conditions, and notices may apply to specific materials, information, products,software, and services offered through this website. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms,conditions, and notices will prevail over these Terms of Use.
For any questions concerning pCare, please contact:pCare MarketingTVR Communications, LLC.1979 Marcus Avenue, Suite 226Lake Success, NY 11041718-458-2212info@pcare.com
1979 Marcus Avenue, Suite 226Lake Success, NY 11042
pCare uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!