# Innovation to Accelerate Excellence on the Magnet® Journey

Erin Pangallo, MS, BSN, RN, Clinical Implementation Director at eVideon discusses how smart room technology enables hospital leaders to accelerate their journey towards Magnet® Recognition.
Fall has officially arrived, there’s a chill in the air and the crackle of leaves underfoot, and it’s that time of year where for three glorious days nursing colleagues and administrators from across the country convene for the American Nurses Credentialing Center’s (ANCC) National Magnet Conference® combined with the ANCC Pathway to Excellence Conference®. eVideon is a proud exhibitor at this year’s conference, taking place October 12-14 at Chicago’s McCormick Place Convention Center.
Our team is regularly discussing the invaluable role that our Vibe Health smart room platform plays in supporting the mission of the Magnet® Recognition Program. As a former Magnet® Program Director, I know firsthand that Magnet®-recognized organizations are transformational leaders in our industry, all with an unwavering commitment to innovation with the goal of addressing the Global Issues in Nursing and Health Care as outlined in the components of the Magnet® Model.
Now, in my role as a clinical solutions director at eVideon, I work closely with nursing leaders and care teams from across the country to ensure our technology solutions meet the unique needs of my nursing colleagues. In this article, I will touch on three defining features of the Vibe Health platform that will help your organization advance onward in your journey to Magnet® recognition, regardless of where you are in that journey.
To achieve Magnet® designation, an organization is committing to the principles of Nursing Excellence, which prioritize the delivery of safe, high-quality patient-centered care. Therefore, safety is as embedded into the framework as the air we breathe. Research indicates strong connections between the working conditions for nurses and the safety of patients in Magnet® hospitals, leading to:
eVideon’s Vibe Health platform closes safety gaps by delivering accurate and reliable information to the right people, at the right time and in the right place. Information flowing from a single source of truth, the Electronic Health Record (EHR), to tools like a digital door signor digital whiteboard in the patient room can reduce the likelihood of human error and make reliable information easily accessible to the care team.
Our Aware digital door sign is a terrific example of how we enable high reliability in the care environment. Aware integrates with the hospital EHR to display real-time notifications and alerts outside the patient room, including but not limited to patient fall risk, isolation status, allergies, dietary orders, staff in the room, required PPE and more. When enclosed in an ambient backlit frame, the door sign can communicate to staff from down the hall using color coded lighting to identify potential safety risks quickly and easily.
At the crux of the Magnet® program is quality, and organizations who meet the requirements demonstrate this through various facets: quality of leadership, quality of care and quality improvement measures to name a few. Our team at eVideon takes a strategic approach to quality designed to help your organization attract and retain top talent, which reduce issues such as burnout and high rates of turnover.
In the pursuit of high-quality care, nurses operating at the pinnacle of their clinical authority are crucial contributors. Our platform plays a pivotal role in this scenario by not only saving nurses valuable time, but also liberating them from non-clinical tasks. Take, for instance, our Insight digital whiteboard solution—an innovation that goes beyond mere efficiency gains. Hospitals using our digital whiteboard have reported that nurses are experiencing an average daily time savings of 30 minutes over manual updates to traditional dry erase boards. The digital whiteboard isn't just a time-saver; it transforms into a powerful clinical communication tool. Real-time access to health information empowers nurses to engage in more meaningful discussions with patients regarding their care plans.
Furthermore, our smart room technology establishes a foundation for accelerating virtual care, specifically virtual nursing programs that are aimed to target staffing challenges. In 2022, it was reported that there was a 34 percent increase in the number of virtual nursing programs around the U.S. The integration of our Engage TV solution with in-room cameras creates a seamless experience for patients and nurses alike, bringing virtual nurses into the room easily to facilitate activities such as admission, discharge, and patient education. It's not just about saving time; it's about elevating the entire care experience.
Last, but certainly not least, is the importance of fostering a culture of collaboration in your organization. Magnet® places a strong emphasis on making sure nurses are involved in all aspects of key decision making, a priority that we also instill in all that we do here at eVideon.
eVideon enthusiastically embraces a collaborative design approach that places nurses at the forefront. Our team of Clinical Solutions Directors is comprised of credentialed RNs who play a pivotal role in planning, design, implementation, and training. This ensures that our client partners can swiftly overcome any hurdles and, more importantly, stay focused on the delivery of patient care. This collaborative process, initiated through workshops with stakeholders ranging from bedside nursing to executive leaders, delves into best practices and addresses organizational challenges and priorities. For instance, during these sessions, discussions may revolve around decisions like incorporating a falls icon, considering factors such as fall level or different colors to signify varying levels of risk.
Beyond addressing design elements, this co-design process encourages organizations to explore practices for personalized patient care, fostering more frequent rounding and proactive interventions to prevent falls. Embedded in this approach is our unwavering commitment to prioritizing the voice of the clinician. Notably, our partnership with the Nursing Institute for Healthcare Design (NIHD) further amplifies the nurses' voice, underscoring our dedication to building solutions that resonate with the insights and needs of those on the frontline of patient care.
When it comes down to it, culture is what the Magnet® program is all about—fostering an environment where patients and caregivers excel. To learn more about how Vibe Health can help you accelerate your Magnet journey, reach out to one of our experts today for a demo or meet the team in Chicago at booth #1639 (Find us at the show).
‍
‍Contact us today to learn more about the Vibe Health smart room platform: hello@evideon.com‍